At the samsara level, we have quite okay, you have quite okay. Therefore, what is weak is joy in
appreciation, graceful.
That is, therefore, particularly this time we came here, you come so grateful and practice, we
should really ignite that joy, graceful.
This is practice also one way, we came to celebrate our good qualities and revere that more.
Therefore, joy in appreciation, graceful, is very important.
Second, as he said, joyful effort, that is what we are doing. Joyful effort, along with that one,
courage and commitment and confidence, all that combined together with this joyful effort, effort
we should, this is visible time, right time, right moment, all things we should take the
opportunities.
Great, joyful effort, courage, commitment and confidence.
Then third, as he said, thoughtful, thoughtful comes along with me, you heard many times from me
and the candy butter gentleman, mindfulness, aliveness, cautiousness, all thoughtful, thoughtful of
our work, of our body, action of our body.
Action of our speech, action of our mind. Be let be taught. When you are taught for that, when it
comes, then we will play like status, not stay all the time in the dark.
If we combine the thoughtful, joyful effort and joy, it is something so special, so beautiful. With
this, the fourth one is what? Then, let's say attachment, trying not to cling, grasp.
That means what? Again, open heart and open mind, more relaxed, calm, you couldn't so much
peacefully kind of attach it. It leads so many things, let it come, let it go, what all those?
That is all the contracts of this last detachment. Those are the great masters. Said and those are
the teaching what we are going to learn from him. So with that contracts, then you already know a
lot of the practice men trying to meditate in the practice and use this term as meaningful,
something spiritual in this beautiful setting.
One of the, I said, in kenki parti, always, many other great masters who visited, oh, this is
really one of the best places that we can go to the places, go to the practice meditate, go to med
itate, go to practice, this is one of the best on this planet.
And we have all these opportunities, all good things. So they ever kind of take this opportunity
and this is a remember, time to celebrate our good things of the past, trying to stand firm on that
and looking beautiful horizon for the future, for very nice things.
So those are, I guess, the thought to tell what I learned from all those other teachers. Okay? So
we'll stop there. Thank you. Thank you very much, everyone. And then I'm sure you have some
questions that we'll talk tomorrow.
Thank you.